[BRAPI]: add storage state example for playwright (#25423)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/browser-rendering/platform/playwright.mdx

};
```

### Storage state

> Playwright supports [storage state](https://playwright.dev/docs/api/class-browsercontext#browsercontext-storage-state) to obtain and persist cookies and other storage data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Playwright supports [storage state](https://playwright.dev/docs/api/class-browsercontext#browsercontext-storage-state) to obtain and persist cookies and other storage data. In this example, you will use storage state to persist cookies and other storage data in [Workers KV](/kv).
```

> Here's an example that uses storage state to persist cookies and other storage data in [KV](/kv):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Just adding to intro instead.

First, ensure you have a KV namespace. You can create a new one with:

```bash
npx wrangler kv namespace create KV
```

> Ensure you add the KV namespace to your `wrangler.toml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, add the KV namespace to your `wrangler.toml` file:
```

<WranglerConfig>

```jsonc
{
	"name": "storage-state-examples",
	"main": "src/index.ts",
	"compatibility_flags": ["nodejs_compat"],
	"compatibility_date": "2025-09-17",
	"browser": {
		"binding": "MYBROWSER"
	},
	"kv_namespaces": [
		{
			"binding": "KV",
			"id": "<YOUR-KV-NAMESPACE-ID>"
		}
	]
}
```

</WranglerConfig>

Now, you can use the storage state to persist cookies and other storage data in KV:

```ts title="src/index.ts"

> // gets persisted storage state from KV or undefined if it doesn't exist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// gets persisted storage state from KV or undefined if it does not exist
```

const storageStateJson = await env.KV.get('storageState');
const storageState = storageStateJson ? await JSON.parse(storageStateJson) as BrowserContextOptions['storageState'] : undefined;

await using browser = await launch(env.MYBROWSER);
// creates a new context with storage state persisted in KV
await using context = await browser.newContext({ storageState });

await using page = await context.newPage();

// do some actions on the page that may update client-side storage

> // gets updated storage state: cookies, localStorage and IndexedDB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// gets updated storage state: cookies, localStorage, and IndexedDB
```

const updatedStorageState = await context.storageState({ indexedDB: true });

> // persist updated storage state in KV

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// persists updated storage state in KV
```
